Mengmeng, we are living here these days
Sister Phoenix will treat you, okay?
So good
Go play
Also see
Come and help me
Just girls.
Just be weak
Why are you shy?
I only knew the years of amnesia when I regained my memory
What kind of days have you had?
I'm not afraid of your jokes
In fact, Chu Ruoxi and I
Only let it go once
Only once
Then you are too poor.
Yeah, what are you doing?
Fool, what did you say I was going to do?
I'm your child bride
Everything I have is yours
You did so well today
I can help you go to the fire.
Yes
That's too fast.
If you hesitate
My body belongs to someone else
What do you mean?
I'm getting married.
Marry who?
The eldest son of the Zhang family in the imperial capital
The Zhang family is one of the five directors of the Chamber of Commerce
Only by taking everyone's chamber of commerce
Only then can you hold the position of heir to the industrialist
I would do anything for you
And I learned where I was from an early age.
Young master you